Connect to the device from the host via Telnet.
Connect to the device from the host via a serial connection.
Connect to the device from the host via Secure Shell (SSH).
Access the device's Privileged EXEC mode.
Change the device's hostname.
Save the device's running configuration as the startup configuration.
Get the name of the device's default file system.
Get the name of the device.
Get the serial number of the device.
Get the operating system's name and version of the device.
Format a filesystem on the device.
Set the switch's priority.
Assign the switch an IPv4 address.
Assign the router an IPv4 address.
Test connectivity from the device to the host.
Test connectivity from the host to the device.
Secure the device's virtual teletype (VTY) lines.
Secure the device's Console port.
Secure the device's Auxiliary port.
Secure the device's Privileged EXEC Mode.
Set the device's clock manually.
Enable the NTP server on the host.
Update the device's clock using the host's NTP server.
Enable SSH on the device.
Enable the TFTP server on the host.
Download the device's startup configuration to the host via TFTP.
Determine and display a file's hash value.
Upload a non-existing file from the host to the device via TFTP.
Download a non-existing file from the host to the device via TFTP.
Upload an existing file from the host to the device via TFTP.
Download an existing file from the host to the device via TFTP.
Enable the FTP server on the host.
Download the device's startup configuration to the host via FTP.
Upload a non-existing file from the host to the device via FTP.
Download a non-existing file from the host to the device via FTP.
Upload an existing file from the host to the device via FTP.
Download an existing file from the host to the device via FTP.
Enable the SCP server on the host.
Download the device's startup configuration to the host via SCP.
Upload a non-existing file from the host to the device via SCP.
Download a non-existing file from the host to the device via SCP.
Upload an existing file from the host to the device via SCP.
Download an existing file from the host to the device via SCP.
Reload the device.
Disable the TFTP service on the host.
Disable the FTP service on the host.
Disable the NTP service on the host.
Disable the SCP service on the host (optional).